Remember to remove the first line

Prompt:

using the canvas feature that are of the same structure as the two json and xml files attached. Your task is to create 10 different physics problems with 3 variations of each (30 xml and json files in total) that can be rendered in by the MuJoCo simulator through each XML file, and the physics problems should be such that an LLM needs to interact with the objects in the environment to solve the physics problem outlined in the JSON file.
Key guidelines to consider are . . .
1. For every XML file, you should have a ground surface for reference, and for each object, you must set the names as “object_1”, “object_2”, and so on, and if an object requires the use of a joint, you must name the joint in the form of “object_{object # that was set in the name}_joint”.
2. For every XML file, you must use ONLY attributes found within the MuJoCo Library (NOT mujoco.py), and the attributes MUST BE FROM THE LATEST VERSION (i.e. the attributes cannot be outdated). Remember to also set the timestep to 0.005 seconds by using the following line right underneath the word <mujoco>: <option> timestep=0.005 </option> (remember to also indent the line).
3. For every JSON file, make sure the answer is in the form of an integer or a float number. If the answer has multiple numbers, separate them by commas. If the problem created requires float numbers, make sure to specify in the task within the metadata array that the LLM should round to the nearest thousandths place if necessary, and follow suit when creating the answer.
4. For every JSON file, make sure to include object permissions of ONLY the relevant attributes (the most common relevant attributes include size, position, and density).
5. When creating the problem, make sure that the reasoning behind the answer to every physics problem found within the JSON file is correct.
6. For every JSON file, remember that the type parameter can ONLY be one of three choices - “comparison”, “computation”, or “boolean”
HOW THE VARIATIONS WORK: When creating your physics problems, label each of the json and xml files for ONE scene as “scene_{scenenumber}.1.json”, “scene_{scenenumber}.1.xml”, “scene_{scenenumber}.2.json”, “scene_{scenenumber}.2.xml”, “scene_{scenenumber}.3.json”, and “scene_{scenenumber}.3.xml”. Each of the JSON and XML files should be SIMILAR (i.e. the LLM should have the same task theoretically since it is performing pretty much the same tasks to get to its answer), and the only changes that should occur are slight variations within the XML and corresponding parts within the JSON file. For example, a variation could be changing the gravity within the XML file to be a different value, or if the problem is a comparison problem, you can switch/edit the object names and attributes around in the XML and change the answer to be the other object or both of them as well. As you create the variations, for the .2 and .3 variations, create a new line within the JSON file called “variation”:  and specify the variation you made (i.e. “variation”: “changed gravity”).
